hey guys Marley Monroe here and I wanted
to give you a first look at this Bobby
boss funella natural hair I ordered a 14
16 and 18 inch it says it is Brazilian
100% virgin Indian I'm sorry virgin remy
human hair and it's unprocessed I have
the breezy wave texture like I said in a
14 16 inch and here is the 18 inch I've
already taken out of the package just to
kind of an ordinance from remy hair Viva
calm I got all three of these packs for
I believe under about 130 actually I'm
sorry this was a 107 which I thought was
a pretty good deal and this hair wasn't
available at my local Beauty Supply
stores so that's why I went ahead and
ordered it online and it is a kind of
loose curl texture and as I said earlier
this is Brazilian hair so I would expect
it to be able to straighten pretty well
and from my experience with my previous
Brazilian hair purchase and go back to
this curl pattern it's kind of like a
loose kind of beachy wave not extremely
tight it's more of what I was looking
for now it says that you can color this
hair a permit bleach it and use
cellophane I'm not sure with the
cellophane is but I'll leave that up for
you guys to figure out it also comes
with a little hairstyling instruction
little packet inside the package that
tells you how to care for it and if you
want it to bleach it it gives you
instructions on how to do it you want to
color it gives you instructions do you
want to permit you can follow the
language another woman I'm here review
this specific texture of the hair and I
really liked it so I'll link her channel
in the description box if you want to
look at her review as well
she had it really long it looked really
pretty I'll just keep you guys updated
on how it looks I'll show you and then
one of my upcoming videos when I
actually get my sewing done how it looks
with all three of these packs and he
and I'll keep you updated on how the
hair does I guess through the duration
that I have and any comments or
questions you have below in the
description box if you have any
additional requests that you'd like I
need to do go ahead and email me I'll
leave that in the description box or
comment